MESSAGE: Execution of "sudo -u lctt-runner ./build_llvm_project_stage2.sh" failed

STDOUT:
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
std::integral_constant<bool, true>::value primitive Bool
Expr 0x5609dd2fe920 record
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Scope record
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
__t record
__t record
__t record
__b record
__t record
__t record
__t record
__b record
__t record
__t record
__t record
__b record
__t record
__t record
__t record
__b record
__t record
__t record
__t record
__b record
__t record
__t record
__t record
__b record
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val record
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 0>::value primitive Uint64
t record
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val record
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 1>::value primitive Uint64
t record
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 1>::value primitive Uint64
Val record
t record
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 2>::value primitive Uint64
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
HoldingVar record
HoldingVar record
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 1>::value primitive Uint64
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val record
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 1>::value primitive Uint64
t record
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 1>::value primitive Uint64
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 1>::value primitive Uint64
Val record
t record
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 2>::value primitive Uint64
Val primitive Ptr
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 1>::value primitive Uint64
Val record
t record
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 2>::value primitive Uint64
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val record
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 1>::value primitive Uint64
t record
std::integral_constant<unsigned long, 0>::value primitive Uint64
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
Val primitive Ptr
__t record
__t record
__t record
__b record
Expr 0x7f020a70f1e0 record
__t record
__t record
__t record
__b record
clang::ASTNodeKind::KindToKindId<clang::CXXRecordDecl>::Id primitive Uint32
Expr 0x5609dd68d118 record
ninja: build stopped: subcommand failed.


STDERR:
CMake Deprecation Warning at /var/llvm-compile-time-tracker/llvm-project/clang/CMakeLists.txt:450 (message):
  'CLANG_ENABLE_ARCMT' is deprecated as ARCMigrate has been removed from
  Clang.  Please use 'CLANG_ENABLE_OBJC_REWRITER' instead to enable or
  disable the Objective-C rewriter.


